Pr/0003 ctel zzhc (#1340)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: include/net/zzhc.rst

.. _lib_zzhc:

China Telecom self-registration (Zi-ZHu-Ce, ZZHC)
#################################################

The China Telecom self-registration (Zi-ZHu-Ce, zzhc) registers module information to the server when network is available.

Overview
********

Telecommunication modules sold in China Telecom network requires registration of certain information on the module to the server (zzhc.vnet.cn).
The ZZHC library implements chapter 6 of the "China Telecom IoT Module Requirements Whitepaper".

> As a background thread launched on boot, it automatically detects the availability of operator network.

Author: In the latest push, there is a new line right after line 12.

> Once internet connectivity is ready and there is a new simcard which is inserted on boot, it proactively uploads IMEI, model number (i.e. nRF9160), modem revision, and the ICCID and IMSI of the simcard connected to nRF9160.

Reviewer: There are more than two things that are sent, so I would suggest using a bullet point list:
```suggestion
Once the Internet connectivity is ready and a new SIM card is detected on boot, the library proactively uploads the following information to the ZZHC server:
- IMEI
- model number (that is, nRF9160)
- modem revision
- nRF9160 SIM ICCID
- nRF9160 SIM IMSI
```

> On any failure, which include unknown/negative response from server or any error during program execution, the ZZHC library retries the next hour for at most 5 times.

Author: Per your questions:
1. The library retries sending the data to the server, correct?
Ans: Yes

2. Does the ZZHC library retries the next hour for at most 5 times mean the library retries 5 times each hour or once per hour, for a maximum 5 attempts? If the first option is correct, when does this process stop?
Ans: "once per hour, for a maximum 5 attempts"

> On any failure, which include unknown/negative response from server or any error during program execution, the ZZHC library retries the next hour for at most 5 times.

Reviewer: Thank you!

> .. _lib_zzhc:

Reviewer: This library is included on the list of "Libraries for FOTA updates" on the Libraries section main page.
How does this library relate to the FOTA update libraries listed there? Could you clarify this in the documentation, @pkchan ?

Author: `zzhc.rst` has nothing to do with FOTA. The file is in the `include\net` directory, which means it's the document for network libraries. I do not know why `include\net` has the name "**Libraries for FOTA updates**". It should be changed to "**Libraries for networking**" instead.

Author: Per request, in `doc\nrf`, added section "**Libraries for networking**", which includes `zzhc`.

China Telecom ZZHC library
#################################################

The China Telecom ZZHC library implements the self-registration (Zi-ZHu-Ce, ZZHC) functionality that registers the module information on the server when the network is available.

Overview
********

The telecommunication modules that are part of the China Telecom network are required to provide certain information stored on the module to the `zzhc.vnet.cn` server.
This is required for conformity with Chapter 6 of the China Telecom IoT Module Requirements Whitepaper.

The ZZHC library is started as a background thread on boot and it automatically detects the availability of the operator network.
Once the Internet connectivity is ready and a new SIM card is detected on boot, the library proactively uploads the following information to the ZZHC server:
- IMEI
- model number (that is, nRF9160)
- modem revision
- nRF9160 SIM ICCID
- nRF9160 SIM IMSI
On any failure, which include unknown/negative response from server or any error during program execution, the ZZHC library retries the next hour for at most 5 times.

.. _lib_zzhc_dependencies:

> Dependencies

Reviewer: Given that most of the library documentation does not feature a Dependencies section, I've moved this under Configuration.

Author: Yes, thanks.

************

The ZZHC library only when CONFIG_TRUSTED_EXECUTION_NONSECURE is enabled (i.e. Trusted Execution: Non-Secure firmware image).

The ZZHC library requires the following to operate, therefore they are automatically selected when ZZHC library is enabled.
   * CONFIG_BSD_LIBRARY=y
   * CONFIG_SETTINGS=y
   * CONFIG_AT_CMD=y
   * CONFIG_AT_CMD_PARSER=y
   * CONFIG_AT_NOTIF=y
   * CONFIG_BASE64=y
   * CONFIG_JSON_LIBRARY=y

.. _lib_zzhc_configuration:

Configurations
**************

The ZZHC library is by default not used in any sample.
To enable the library so that the end product can be approved by China Telecom, enable Kconfig option CONFIG_ZZHC.
In prj.conf, set CONFIG_ZZHC=y.

> The thread behavior can also be configured using Kconfig options:

Reviewer: Do I understand correctly these two thread behavior options are not mandatory?

Author: No, priority and stack size are supposed to be tweaked by SDK users.

Reviewer: OK, no further edits needed.

   * To configure the stack size for the thread, change CONFIG_ZZHC_STACK_SIZE.
   * To configure the thread priority, change CONFIG_ZZHC_THREAD_PRIO.

> The minimal heap size required is 4096 bytes.

Reviewer: Does this heap size requirement refer to the thread behavior options in line 49-50 or to enabling the library in general?

Author: No, heap size is irrelevant to thread behavior.

Thread configurations govern how the thread executes. As a naive example, execute 50 lines, then sleep 10ms, then continue execution...etc.

Heap size governs how the library allocate and free memory. If the size is too small, the thread simply kills itself because of memory fault. If it is too large, then it will be a waste of memory.

Author: Besides, stack size is not supposed to be touched unless the SDK user need to optimize and push to limits.

Heap size need to be accumulated to the heap size requirements of user application. For example, if the user application requires 16KB heap to run, then to enable zzhc library the SDK user need to increase it to 20KB.

In prj.conf, set CONFIG_HEAP_MEM_POOL_SIZE=4096.

Among the depended libraries, CONFIG_BSD_LIBRARY and CONFIG_SETTINGS require further configurations in prj.conf.

Required by CONFIG_BSD_LIBRARY:
   * CONFIG_NETWORKING=y
   * CONFIG_NET_NATIVE=n
   * CONFIG_NET_SOCKETS=y
   * CONFIG_NET_SOCKETS_OFFLOAD=y

Required by CONFIG_SETTINGS:
   * CONFIG_FLASH=y
   * CONFIG_FLASH_PAGE_LAYOUT=y
   * CONFIG_FLASH_MAP=y
   * CONFIG_MPU_ALLOW_FLASH_WRITE=y
   * CONFIG_NVS=y
   * CONFIG_SETTINGS_NVS_SECTOR_COUNT=6

To allow for automatic registration to Lte-M or NB-IoT network on boot, the following are required in prj.conf:
   * CONFIG_LTE_LINK_CONTROL=y
   * CONFIG_LTE_AUTO_INIT_AND_CONNECT=y

> 

Reviewer: Just checking: Is there going to be any API documentation appended to this document? All other libraries have the API documentation section included in their respective rst files.

Author: No. This zzhc library does not have public API, so there is no documentation.

Instead, it's just a background thread which sends critical information to cloud quietly.
